Did you use this to bring Long Xiaoyun?
It's a done deal.
Xiao Tianao is the undercover sent by the succession
Xiao Tianao, you bastard Cao is deep enough
I still trust you so much
You fucking sold your brothers out as an idea
I'm not. What the hell is going on?
What the hell is going on? I should ask you
Why sell the villa?
I, Xiao Yun, have no enmity with you
Why did you frame me in every possible way?
Tianao does not need to be raised
I'm sorry you didn't do what you said
No one here can hurt you
What the hell did I do?
You've been shouting thief catch thief here
Are you worthy of your brothers, Xiao Tianao?
You must pay for the slain brothers today
I swear I swear
Guys I'm not undercover
I didn't do anything.
I was set up by someone
That's enough!
Undercover must die, I will come
My first undercover today
It can also be regarded as the pearl of my defeat into the villa. Wait a minute
Xiao Tianao
I will definitely take any of you today
Don't even think about touching him
I'll move him
Don't stop
Be careful I will kill you